when someone has, uh, something that causes great grief in their life,
you must realize that they're not performing at their at the capable
at the capability that they should be. So you have to take that into
account. And, um, you have ah few tools at your disposal. Uh, number
one is kind of ignoring the problem, right? And that's probably
one of the worst things that you can do. But, um uh, if you try to distract
them from the problem, then it works. For some people, um, it
depends on what it is they're grieving over eso. If you keep their
mind on their work without delving too much on what it is that they're
grieving about, that could help. Um, what's ah, better tactic is
to get it out in the open and see if they need to be taking off the
ship or assigned to a different job. That, like, let's say, this job
is kind of dangerous. If they keep performing it, um, you could send
them toe something that's like, let's say, going to the library and
helping people there. There they have a little bit more timeto think
about, um, the thing that's causing them trouble without putting
other people's lives in jeopardy. Um, uh, one of the last result resource
is, is toe. Get them off the ship. Um, if for some reason like
just being on the ship is something that they can't really um, perform
effectively at, then maybe they should get off the ship. Either
you give them some vacation time, and you just let them, um, grieve
with whatever resource is they need, Uh, maybe with family, maybe with
the psychologist, Uh, maybe with their personal chaplain, Um, you
can send them there, or you can, um, send them to a specific place.
Like, for instance, um, there are several places on the base that
they could go to, um, if they need help. Especially like, let's say,
there have a drinking problem. Um, there's places for that that they
can get that help